com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/Main.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.Main
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.Main$1
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.Main$2
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.Main$ActiveCallsBarListener
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.Main$UCStartTask
com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/LoginHandler.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.LoginHandler
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.LoginHandler$1
com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/RingtoneHelper.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.RingtoneHelper
com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/BuildConfig.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.BuildConfig
com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/PhoneVideoCamera.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.PhoneVideoCamera
com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/ResolutionActivity.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.ResolutionActivity
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.ResolutionActivity$ResolutionArrayAdapter
com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/Utils.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.Utils
com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/TrustAllCerts.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.TrustAllCerts
com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/RingtoneBackgroundService.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.RingtoneBackgroundService
com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/InCallActivity.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$1
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$10
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$11
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$12
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$13
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$14
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$15
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$16
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$17
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$18
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$19
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$2
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$20
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$21
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$3
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$4
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$5
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$6
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$7
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$8
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$9
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$CreateOutgoingCallTask
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallActivity$MsgHandler
com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/SelectMediaDirectionActivity.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.SelectMediaDirectionActivity
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.SelectMediaDirectionActivity$MediaDirectionArrayAdapter
com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/NullHostNameVerifier.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.NullHostNameVerifier
com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/IncomingCallFragment.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.IncomingCallFragment
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.IncomingCallFragment$1
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.IncomingCallFragment$2
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.IncomingCallFragment$2$1
com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/NotificationHelper.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.NotificationHelper
com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/VideoViewCustom.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.VideoViewCustom
com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/AEDTopicManager.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.AEDTopicManager
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.AEDTopicManager$TopicData
com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/InCallManager.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallManager
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.InCallManager$VideoSurfaceListenerWrapper
com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/User.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.User
com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/CSDKSample.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.CSDKSample
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.CSDKSample$1
com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/AboutActivity.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.AboutActivity
com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/CameraSelectionActivity.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.CameraSelectionActivity
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.CameraSelectionActivity$CameraArrayAdapter
com/alicecallsbob/csdk/android/sample/LoginActivity.java
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.LoginActivity
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.LoginActivity$1
 com.alicecallsbob.csdk.android.sample.LoginActivity$UserLoginTask
